Created badges documentation (#260)
mozilla-l10n/localizer-documentation: src/tools/pontoon/profile.md

The left column includes information about the user:
* Profile picture and name.
* Contact details.
* Achievement badges.
* Information on last known activity (when the user has submitted or reviewed a translation), last login in Pontoon, and the account’s creation date.
* Roles in Pontoon (a user can have multiple roles across different locales).

Users can customize their information and the visibility of specific fields in the [settings page](users.md#user-settings) (reachable using the `CHANGE SETTINGS` button).

## Achievement badges

Achievement badges awarded to a user are displayed beneath their contact information. The available badge types, from left to right in the image below, include:
* **Review Master**, awarded for reviewing translations.
* **Translation Champion**, awarded for submitting translations.
* **Community Builder**, awarded for promoting users to higher roles.

![Achievement badges](../../assets/images/pontoon/profile/badges.png "Screenshot of all possible achievement badges")

> Each badge has three levels. If a user holds a badge at level two or higher, the level is shown at the bottom left of the badge icon.

Reviewer: Four levels? There's base level, then 2x and 3x?

> Each badge has three levels. If a user holds a badge at level two or higher, the level is shown at the bottom left of the badge icon.

Reviewer 2: That's not what the spec says:
https://github.com/mozilla/pontoon/blob/main/specs/0119-gamification-badges.md#feature-explanation

Now I see that Community Builder Badge has 3 levels. So we should probably drop the number from the docs.

The left column includes information about the user:
* Profile picture and name.
* Contact details.
* Achievement badges.
* Information on last known activity (when the user has submitted or reviewed a translation), last login in Pontoon, and the account’s creation date.
* Roles in Pontoon (a user can have multiple roles across different locales).

Users can customize their information and the visibility of specific fields in the [settings page](users.md#user-settings) (reachable using the `CHANGE SETTINGS` button).

## Achievement badges

Achievement badges awarded to a user are displayed beneath their contact information. The available badge types, from left to right in the image below, include:
* **Translation Champion**, awarded for submitting translations.
* **Review Master**, awarded for reviewing translations.
* **Community Builder**, awarded for promoting users to higher roles.

![Achievement badges](../../assets/images/pontoon/profile/badges.png "Screenshot of all possible achievement badges")

Each badge has multiple levels. If a user holds a badge at level two or higher, the level is shown at the bottom left of the badge icon.

> Once a new badge or badge level is achieved, users will be notified with a pop-up tooltip on their screen.

Reviewer 2: Nit: Maybe rephrase slightly?
```suggestion
Whenever they earn a new badge or level up an existing badge, users will be notified with a pop-up and a notification.
```
